1) In this course they went over the basics of using swirl and R programming building blocks. Most of what was covered in this module was also covered in chapter 2 of the textbook. The lesson went over basic mathematical operators, how to assign variables to a name, how to create a vector, how to use the help menu, and the basics of using vector math in R. Something I learned was that if you provide R with two vectors of the different size but same multiple, it will still perform the mathematical operation.
2) This section covered moving around workspaces, creating, modifying, and deleting files in your working directory. Many of the commmands are the same as they are in Linux which helps learning it. Through the lesson I learned about how to create files, look throguh them and pull information, rename files, and how to create embedded directories using the recursive part of dir.create.
3) In this lesson they went over creating sequences of numbers in a couple different ways. The original way they described using a colon is common in other languages I have used. Throughout the lesson I learned how many different functions and commands there are. For example, I learned you can create a repeating vector with either the entire vector being repeated over and over, or repeating each number a certain amount of times. I also learned about the many different ways of making a sequence that is the length of something else.
4) In this lesson they introduced and went over vectors. In this lesson the main thing I learned was about the paste() command and the options that go with it. The paste command will combine multiple vectors into one. This can be done with character or numeric vectors. Along with that, you can modify how they are pasted together. That can be with a space in between, with a dash, no space, and more.
5) This lesson went over missing values including NA and NaN. NA can appear many times in data analysis and can majorly throw off calculations. In this module I learned about the rnorm function and the sample function. The rnorm will create a normally distributed vector with how ever many elements the user specifies. The sample function will take a specified amount of random values from a collection of vectors.
6) This lesson worked on subsetting vectors in four different ways. In this module I first of all learned that subsetting is being able to pull and work with specific values in a vector. I learned how to pull sepcific parts of a vector by creating a vector with the element locations I want and then calling that in brackets after the vector name. I also learned that you can do the opposite with a minus sign infront of c().
7) In module 7 we covered matrices and data frames in R. In this lesson I learned how to create and manipulate the classes of data. Alongside that I learned that you cannot combine different classes (character and vector) without using the data.frame argument.
8) In Module 8 we covered logic, logical operators, and how to use them. In this lesson I learned about the functions that can be used to compare values. Functions such as isTrue can be used to look for one argument in a dataset. It can also be used to compare multiple arguments. 
9) In module 9 we covered functions in R, how to write them, and different types of functions. In this lesson I learned how to create basic functions in R, how to use %% to get a remainder, how to create anonymous functions, and how to utilize the paste function.
12) In module 12 we got an intro on working on data sets. We learned about how to preview a dataset using the head and tail commands. We also learned about the str function which tells you about the structure of the data set.Lastly, we also learned about the table function to see repeating value numbers and more.